Add Neon and Koyeb to list of PaaS options in Rails deployment lesson (#29148)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: ruby_on_rails/rails_basics/deployment.md

---

#### Koyeb

Can deploy both servers and databases.

- Easily Git push to deploy.
- Ability to run web apps, APIs, and workers easily.
- SSL and 10 free custom domains

##### Koyeb: Free Plan

- One free Web service.
- One free Postgres database (50 hours).
- Doesn't require a credit card to start.
- Pay-per-use by the second for more.

##### Koyeb: Links

- [Koyeb homepage](https://www.koyeb.com/)
- [Koyeb documentation](https://www.koyeb.com/docs)

> - [Guide: Official getting started with Node/Express on Koyeb guide](https://www.koyeb.com/docs/deploy/express)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Guide: Official getting started with Ruby on Rails on Koyeb guide](https://www.koyeb.com/docs/deploy/ruby-on-rails)
```

---

#### Neon

Can deploy databases only.

- 24/7 for your main database.
- 20 additional hours of database branching.
- Point-in-time restore (24 Hours)
- No credit card required.

##### Neon: Free Plan

- 0.5 GiB of storage
- 24/7 for your main compute
- No credit card required

##### Neon: Links

- [Neon homepage](https://neon.tech/)
- [Neon documentation](https://neon.tech/docs/introduction)

> - [Guide: Connect a Node.js application to Neon](https://neon.tech/docs/guides/node)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Guide: Connect a Ruby on Rails application to Neon](https://neon.tech/docs/guides/ruby-on-rails)
```
